Add detail about self-healing (#35394)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/pod-lifecycle.md

of its primary containers starts OK, and then through either the `Succeeded` or
`Failed` phases depending on whether any container in the Pod terminated in failure.

Within a Pod, Kubernetes tracks different container
[states](#container-states) and determines what action to take to make the Pod
healthy again. Whilst a Pod is running, the kubelet is able to restart containers to

> handle some kind of faults. Pods are not restarted, they are terminated and respawned
> (recreated).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
handle some kind of faults. The kubelet doesn't restart unhealthy _Pods_; it terminates and then recreates the Pods.
```

Reviewer 2: The kubelet doesn't **recreate** failed Pods. The control plane sometimes does that though - specifically, when some higher level API such as a ReplicaSet decides that this should happen.

Reviewer 3: +1

are [scheduled for deletion](#pod-garbage-collection) after a timeout period.

Pods do not, by themselves, self-heal. If a Pod is scheduled to a
{{< glossary_tooltip text="node" term_id="node" >}} that then fails, the Pod is
deleted; likewise, a Pod won't survive an eviction due to a lack of resources or

> Node maintenance. What Pods can do is self-heal on a local node. In order to have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node maintenance. What Pods can do is self-heal on a node. In order to have
```

> Node maintenance. What Pods can do is self-heal on a local node. In order to have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Node maintenance. What Pods can do is self-heal on a local node. To have
```

> Node maintenance. What Pods can do is self-heal on a local node. In order to have

Reviewer 2: > What Pods can do is self-heal on a local node.

This is not right. When a Pod fails, a controller might replace it. It's up to that controller and / or the control plane to decide what scheduling constraints to apply, and ultimately where to place that replacement pod.

For example, when a node fails, the replacements for the pods that were running there are likely to end up on a different, healthy node.

> self-healing across the cluster, Kubernetes uses a higher-level abstraction, called

Reviewer: To me, self-healing explicitly says that the Pod controls its own health. I don't think that's accurate though, it's a controller than manages the Pod lifecycle and not the Pod itself that manages it. 

Maybe ask someone from @kubernetes/sig-node-pr-reviews or a more experienced docs reviewer for confirmation, but I feel like this muddles the clarity a teeny bit

Reviewer 3: yeah this muddies things a little for me too.
